"The W̱SÁNEĆ School Board, together with the FirstVoices program for revitalizing Aboriginal languages, is working to teach a new generation to speak SENĆOŦEN" at the ȽÁU, WELṈEW̱ Tribal School.
/eː/ as in Sæther, Næser, Sæbø, gælisk, spælsau, bevæpne, sæd, æser, Cæsar, væte, trær ("thread(s)" (verb))
/æː/ as in æ (the name of the letter), bær, læring, æra, Ænes, ærlig, tærne, Kværner, Dæhlie, særs, ærfugl, lært, trær ("trees")
1.4.2. Diphtongues « ia, i , ie, ua, u , ʉ »
An-Nasir Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub (ALA-LC: Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn Yūsuf ibn Ayyūb; ALA-LC: Selahedînê Eyûbî), known as Salah ad-Din or Saladin (/ˈsælədɪn/; 1137 – 4 March 1193), was the first sultan of Egypt and Syria and the founder of the Ayyubid dynasty.
Asime. Asi ɖina le teƒe geɖewo le ŋkeke ene sia ŋkeke ene megbe. Ame geɖewo va ƒoa ƒu ɖe afima. Wotsɔa bli, te, mɔli, agbeli, fofoŋ, fetri, agbitsa, atadi kple kutsetse bubu geɖewo, ɖetifu, de, nɛƒi, amidzẽ, nɛmi, yɔkumi kple nu bubu geɖewo va dzrana. Ga si woxona la, wotsɔnɛ ƒlea avɔ, ɖeti, atama, sukli, kple ŋudɔwɔnu siwo wohiã. Ɖeviwo lɔ̃a asimedede.
D quặt lưỡi (Ɖ, ɖ) là chữ Latinh có nghĩa âm tắc quặt lưỡi hữu thanh [ɖ]. Dạng viết hoa được gọi D châu Phi (African D) trong tiêu chuẩn Unicode vì nó được sử dụng chủ yếu trong các ngôn ngữ châu Phi có bảng chữ cái phỏng theo bảng chữ cái mẫu châu Phi, bao gồm các tiếng Ewe, Fon, Aja, và Bassa.14.panta otro daļu un 16.pantu
DELL DESKTOPS DELL DIMENSIONTM L Series Affordable Desktop Solution □ Intel" Pentium* III Processor at 800MHz □ 64MB SDRAM □ 7.5GB5 Ultra ATA
De letter ĵ (j met accent circonflexe) wordt gebruikt in de plantaal Esperanto en geeft de klank [ʒ] (zoals het j in het Frans) aan.
Dʒata ko hi ʃi yɛ dʒeŋ a·hu. Agbɛnɛ egbɔ hewɔ lɛ enyẽẽ emomo hewalɛ na· doŋŋ. Enɛ hewɔ lɛ eyakã ʃi yɛ ebu lɛ mli akɛ ehe mi‑ ye. Koloi lɛ ba· eŋo ekome‑kome ni amɛbasra· lɛ yɛ ebu lɛ mli. Osɔ le ene fẽ hewɔ lɛ ete koni eyasra dʒata helatʃɛ ne. Beni ete lɛ, ebotee bu lɛ mli. Edamɔ sɛ, foŋŋ ni ebi dʒata lɛ akɛ, 'Helatʃɛ !  te oyɔ teŋŋ ?'
Ide wito we igoro, reetwa reaku nereamoroɔ. Odamaki waku ookɛ. Ɔ orea wɛndɛtɛ wɛ, newekagwɔ goko de, ɔ ta orea wekagwɔ kou igoro. Tohɛ omode iriɔ ciito cia gotoigana. Na otorɛkɛrɛ madire maito, ɔ ta orea idue torɛkagera area mare na madire maito. Na ndogatotwarɛ magɛriɔ‑ine, nɔ kohɔnɔkia otohɔnɔkagiɛ ooru‑ine.
Il-Ġermanja (En-uk-Germany.ogg ˈdʒɜrməni (għajnuna·info); Ġermaniż:Deutschland), uffiċjalment ir-Repubblika Federali tal-Ġermanja (Ġermaniż:Bundesrepublik Deutschland), repubblika kostituzzjonali federali fl-Ewropa tal-punent-ċentrali. Il-pajjiż jikkonsisti f'16-il stat, u l-belt kapitali u l-akbar belt hija Berlin.
Initially, the Niva had a carbureted 1.6-litre overhead cam four-cylinder petrol engine producing 56 kW (76 hp) and 126 N·m (93 lb·ft) at 5,000 rpm, a four-speed manual transmission, (starting with new model from 1994, a 5 speed) and a full-time four-wheel drive. The drive system employs three differentials (center, front and rear). The transfer case involves a high/low range selector lever and a central differential lock lever. Low range can be selected with the center differential locked or unlocked. The original Niva had a maximum speed of 81 mph (130 km/h), and can cruise at 56 mph (90 km/h) while consuming petrol at 8.25 L/100 km (34.2 mpg‑imp; 28.5 mpg‑US). Its towing capacity is rated for up to 860 kg (1900 lb).
Just deal with it. (⌐■_■)
La CRÈME BRÛLÉE (en español «crema quemada»; pronunciación IPA: [kʁɛm bʁy le] en francés) es un postre que consiste en una crema cuya superficie se ha espolvoreado de azúcar con el fin de quemarlo y obtener así una fina capa crujiente de caramelo. Se prepara y sirve en recipientes individuales como el ramekin o en cazuelas muy pequeñas. Se aromatiza a menudo con vainilla, un licor, semillas o especias.
Many ligatures combine f with the following letter. A particularly prominent example is ﬁ (or f‌i, rendered with two normal letters). Other ligatures with the letter f include fj, f‌l (ﬂ), ff, f‌f‌i, and f‌f‌l.
Moḥammad-Ṣādeq Nāmī Eṣfahānī, Tārīḵ-e gītīgošā, ed. S. Nafīsī, Tehran, 1317 Š./1938.
Shania Twain, OC [ʃəˈnaɪ.ə tweɪn; syĕ.nai.ĕ twéin] (lahir Eilleen Regina Edwards pada 28 Ogos 1965) ialah seorang penyanyi genre country serta pelakon dari Kanada. Beliau antara artis muzik terlaris sepanjang zaman dengan lebih 100 juta salinan rakaman terjual.
The Ghanaian cedi (/ˈsiːdiː/ SEE-dee) (currency sign: GH₵; currency code: GHS) is the unit of currency of Ghana.
The Igbo people (English: /ˈiːboʊ/ EE-boh, also US: /ˈɪɡboʊ/; also spelled Ibo and formerly also Iboe, Ebo, Eboe, Eboans, Heebo; natively Ṇ́dị́ Ìgbò [ìɡ͡bò] (About this soundlisten)) are an ethnic group native to the present-day south-central and southeastern Nigeria.
The Yvy Marãe'ỹ Foundation ([ɨˈʋɨ marãeˈʔɨ̃], English: Land without evil) is an institution which advocates for Guaraní language, its diffusion, teaching and research. It is headquartered in San Lorenzo, Paraguay.
The letter y with a diaeresis, usually used in old or handwritten texts as a ligature for Dutch or Afrikaans ĳ: lÿs = lijs, lijst (list), and also in rare French names as variant of ï, like Louÿs or L’Haÿ-les-Roses, indicating that the ÿ is to be pronounced separately.
The modern notation for the indefinite integral was introduced by Gottfried Leibniz in 1675 (Burton 1988, p. 359; Leibniz 1899, p. 154). He adapted the integral symbol, ∫, from the letter ſ (long s), standing for summa (written as ſumma; Latin for "sum" or "total"). The modern notation for the definite integral, with limits above and below the integral sign, was first used by Joseph Fourier in Mémoires of the French Academy around 1819–20, reprinted in his book of 1822 (Cajori 1929, pp. 249–250; Fourier 1822, §231).
The most commonly used dotted letters in Old Irish grammars and primers is ṡ and ḟ, although the use of other dotted letters is also attested in some older Irish language signs. 
The tie bar may be omitted, yielding ⟨tɕ⟩ or ⟨cɕ⟩ in the IPA and ts\ or cs\ in X-SAMPA.
Voyelles longues « aa, , ee, əə, ii, oo, uu, ʉʉ »
Þóra Borgarhjǫrtr Dans les sagas scandinaves, Thora Borgarthiort est une des filles de Herrauðr, comte ou roi de Suède en l'an 800. Elle fut une épouse du roi viking semi-légendaire Ragnar Lodbrok, qui dût tuer un serpent pour gagner sa main.
Ŝanhajo (pinjine: Shànghǎi [ʂaŋ˥˩hai˩˧] Pri tiu ĉi sono aŭskulti) estas la plej multe loĝata urbo en Ĉinio. Kiel monda urbo, Ŝanhajo prenas influon sur komerco, financo, kulturo, arto, modo, esploro kaj distro. La urbo situas en orienta Ĉinio, je la meza parto de la ĉina marbordo kaj la buŝo de la Jangzio Rivero.
Ŧ /θ/ is much like the sound at the beginning of the English word “think.” In SENĆOŦEN, this usually sounds much closer to S, and, in fact, some speakers use S instead of Ŧ. 
Žilina (Slovak pronunciation: [ˈʒilina]; German: Sillein, [ziˈlaɪ̯n] or [ˈzɪlaɪ̯n]; [ˈʒolnɒ]; Polish: Żylina [ʒɨˈlina], names in other languages) is a city in north-western Slovakia, around 200 kilometres (120 mi) from the capital Bratislava, close to both the Czech and Polish borders.
Žydrūnas Savickas (Lithuanian pronunciation: [ʑiːˈdrûːnɐs sɐˈvʲɪtskɐs]; born July 15, 1975) is a Lithuanian powerlifter and professional strongman. He is the only modern competitor to have won every major strongman competition.
Ƹ (minuscule: ƹ) is a letter of the Latin alphabet. It was used for a voiced pharyngeal fricative, represented in the International Phonetic Alphabet as [ʕ], in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, for example by John Rupert Firth and Terence Frederick Mitchell, or in the 1980s by Martin Hinds and El-Said Badawi.
ȽÁU,WELṈEW̲ Tribal School is located on the Saanich Peninsula near the small community of Brentwood Bay, fifteen kilometres north of Victoria, British Columbia. Nestled in a forest setting on TSARTLIP Reserve, the school serves the Saanich People on four reserves and surrounding communities:
ˈilaỳ ʾˈalmamlakaẗ ʾˈalmaġribiȳaẗ
Ḫāʾ or Khāʾ (transliterated as ḫ (DIN-31635), ḵ (Hans Wehr), kh (ALA-LC) or ẖ (ISO 233)), is one of the six letters the Arabic alphabet added to the twenty-two inherited from the Phoenician alphabet (the others being ṯāʼ, ḏāl, ḍād, ẓāʼ, ġayn).
Ṅaṅā [ŋɑŋːɑ̃] is the tenth letter of the Gurmukhi alphabet. Its name is [ŋɑŋːɑ̃] and is pronounced as /ŋ/ when used in words.
♫ Shyne ♫ Future ♫ Quattro ♫ Sam Ouss (L'insolent).
⟨ḷḷ⟩ is used in Asturian for a sound that was historically /ʎ/ but which is now an affricate, [t͡s], [t͡ʃ], [d͡ʒ].
